welcome back to recapped today
i am going to show you a comedy
romance film from 2017 titled the layover
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
kate and meg are childhood friends and roommates
in seattle going through stressful times
kate is a high school english teacher
and is bored of her regular curriculum
and under pressure to quit by principal moss who
believes she should be in a different profession
maggie is a cosmetic saleswoman trying and failing
to sell beauty products illegally imported from
north korea after a night of drinking away their
stress the adventurous meg suggests they go on
vacation to get their groove back the reserved
kate is reluctant but ultimately acquiesces as
meg had already booked non-refundable tickets to
fort lauderdale using kate's frequent flyer miles
barely making it to their flight on time kate
is put in a window seat and meg gets an all seat
the middle seat is eventually occupied by ryan
a handsome firefighter on his way to a wedding
both kate and meg are immediately attracted to
him and begin to shamelessly flirt with him but
kate eventually passes out having taken too many
anti-anxiety pills a few hours into the flight the
plane is diverted to st louis due to a hurricane
warning in the florida area the girls are taken to
the local sheridan hotel and bump into ryan who
invites them to go for drinks at the hotel club
while at the club ryan learns the hurricane
will delay his trip even further upsetting him
the girls attempt to cheer him up with a dance
competition before going to bed kate tells meg
that she will fight her for ryan's affections
the next day meg makes plans with ryan to go on
a hot air balloon but she knows kate has a fear
of heights and tells her she should stay back
kate reluctantly agrees to go ignoring
the fact that she has a fear of heights
during their ride in a hot air balloon kate has
a panic attack due to fear of heights ryan calms
her down by singing a song and holding her hand
meg gets upset and decides to buy some champagne
she opens it with the cork hitting the eye of
the one-eyed pilot everyone panics as the hot
air balloon hurtles towards the ground landing
in a park where a little kid's birthday party
is going on later ryan invites them to come to
the swimming pool with him they agree and go to
put on the most revealing bathing suits they have
while in the pool with ryan meg tries to impress
ryan by doing a flip into the water kate tries to
one-up her and does a flip getting the attention
from all the guys at the pool meg then grabs a
chair and does a flip off of it injuring her eye
when it is learned the hurricane will move away
from florida ryan is able to get a ride from craig
a jewelry salesman who had taken a liking to
meg but had been continually rebuffed by her
and the girls asked to tag along while in the car
kate shows embarrassing childhood photos of meg to
ryan because she is jealous of all the attention
that she is getting in response meg locks cade
in a messy gas station bathroom forcing kate to
escape through a high window covered in feces
back in the car kate fakes an injury to get a
massage from ryan prompting meg to put sleeping
pills into a bottle of wine to gift a cake when
kate declines to drink craig who is driving
takes it instead much to meg's horror after a few
hours craig eventually passes out and crashes the
car forcing the four to spend the night at a motel
when kate sees the pills in the bottle she asks
for a hotel room for herself meg says that she can
have ryan but kate proclaims she never wanted ryan
just that she didn't want meg to have him meg
decides to go to a local bar where craig joins her
when craig fails to impress meg he suggests to
her that she should be open to the qualities of
other guys back at the hotel ryan makes a pass at
kate who gives in and has rigorous sex with him
in the morning at breakfast meg tells kate they
should stop ruining their friendship over a guy
but when meg lets slip that ryan has a mis-shaped
penis something kate had seen from having sex with
him kate realizes meg had sex with ryan kate then
reaches her breaking point with her with the two
getting into a physical fight over their issues
with each other meg's selfishness and kate's
unwillingness to take chances making a mess of the
motel lobby in the process their fight ends when
the motel manager calls the police on them craig
reveals to the police that ryan had taken his car
to reach the wedding on time appalled the girls
begged to be let go to stop the wedding and offer
to pay for the damages to the lobby when they
reached the hotel in fort lauderdale where the
wedding is taking place they find they were too
late to stop it the girls confront ryan who calls
them out on throwing themselves at him the girls
still claim it was wrong for him to sleep with
both of them the night before his wedding and not
telling them he was the one getting married ryan
admits he had been with his now wife genevieve
since freshman year of college and hasn't been
able to get with anyone else when the girls meet
genevieve they see that she is controlling and
demanding of ryan and decide not to tell her about
his actions feeling ryan will suffer enough in his
marriage with a few hours before their flight back
to seattle meg tracks down craig at his jewelry
shop to apologize for brushing him off kissing
him before she leaves at the airport meg tells
kate that they shouldn't live together anymore to
which kate tearfully agrees as they have been too
dependent on each other kate returns to her
teaching job with renewed vigor and requests
principal moss that her students be allowed
to indulge their creativity more instead of
just following the standard curriculum moss then
offers her the assistant volleyball coach position
meg starts taking college classes and is
in a long distance relationship with craig
in the final scene it is shown
that meg moved into an apartment
only a few doors down from kate
so the two can still be close
make sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications for more videos like this
thanks for watching